Docs/init integrations (#348)
it-at-m/refarch: docs/integrations/email.md

# Email Integration

> Integration for sending text and html emails with attachments. Uses [s3-integration](./s3.md) for file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integration for sending text and HTML mails with attachments. Uses [s3-integration](./s3.md) for file
```

handling.

## Modules

The modules follow the [default naming convention](./index.md#naming-conventions).

Beside the default modules there are following additional:

> - email-api: Implementation of core email functionality. Will be included in core in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
- email-api: Implementation of core email functionality. Will be migrated into the core module in the future.
```

module is just a legacy module and the separation into core and api is no longer needed.
Is that easier to understand?

> - email-api: Implementation of core email functionality. Will be included in core in the future.

Reviewer: Would actually mention that it's a legacy module. Does this mean we do not longer recommend using that module at the current state?

- rest-example: Example which uses s3-rest-client.
- java-example: Example which uses s3-java-client.

### Dependency graph

The following graph shows the relationships between the various modules and how they interact and rely on each other.

```mermaid
flowchart RL

>     starter --> core --> api-starter --> api

Author: As for starter and core also the mail prefix is removed i thought just api is the correct equivalent.

</dependencies>
```

> and a [s3-integration starter](./s3.md#usage).

Reviewer: See review comment in `cosys.md`

| `refarch.mail.from-address`             | Default from address used when sending mails.     | `test@example.com`     |
| `refarch.mail.default-reply-to-address` | Default reply to address used when sending mails. | `no_reply@example.com` |

> In addition, properties of selected [s3-integration starter](./s3.md#usage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally the dependency `s3-integration starter` is required, because ... . To setup the `s3-integration-starter` please see [its documentation](./s3.md#usage)
```
